Version 5.0.0
=============

Improvements and bug fixes:
---------------------------
- Implement clever headers location lookup, thanks @mhoeher for the PR
- Support VS config files, thanks @mclayton7 for the PR
- Move the popups to use mdpopups to have them in a consistent style
- Remove use of phantoms
- Fix a bug with duplicating the cache, thanks @braindevices for reporting
- Fix a bug where types in global namespace could not be completed

Settings deprecation:
---------------------
- "errors_style" -> "show_errors" as we do not support phantoms any more

New settings:
-------------
- "header_to_source_mapping": a mapping of where to search for source files that
  correspond to a header. This is useful when using a compilation database as it
  does not contain header files, but the correct compilation parameters can be
  read from a corresponding source file
- "use_target_compiler_built_in_flags": defines if we use the built in includes
  that come along with the compiler
- "target_LANGUAGE_compiler": define the target compiler of your toolchain here
- Check for more details in the default settings file

Show your support!
------------------
💜 this plugin? Please consider buying me a 🍵
https://github.com/niosus/EasyClangComplete#support-it

Money talk:
-----------
I am a PhD student working full time towards getting a degree in Robotics. Life
does not stand in one place and there is a lot happening like moving between
continents, internships, family etc. I created this plugin to make it simple to
use mostly working nights and weekends. As anyone, sometimes I am very
frustrated at the pace at which the plugin gets developed and how few time I
have in a day, so this is why your support matters a lot!

This plugin is now nearly 3 years old. For these 3 years of development the
plugin has been installed more than 14 000 times and I have received €106,89
from 13 supporters. That is less than a Euro Cent per install, 12 Euro Cent per
commit, and approximately a Euro per merged PR.

Last but not least, there have been 28 people who have contributed code to the
repository one way or another. You are the best! I hope I could fulfill your
expectations with the rate of reviews, even if they lacked some speed at times.
Please go on with this attitude and thanks so much for all your contributions.

Overall, I believe in open source and it is not really about the money. But it
is about the support. If you make use of the plugin, please support its
development either with money or just by telling how you are using it or
contributing. Both of these ways will show me that I am not doing this for
nothing.

