Version 6.0.0
=============

Improvements and fixes:
-----------------------
- Make glob wildcard expansion available for all paths in settings instead of
  home-grown star expansion
- Fix parsing errors that would sometimes eat part of the error message
- Only hide default completions when we have something to show instead
- By default force unix-type includes to make include auto-completion more
  usable. The new setting to control this: "force_unix_includes"

Deprecated settings:
--------------------
I have removed some old settings which break more things than they add.
- "include_file_folder"
- "include_file_parent_folder"

If you rely on this behavior, you can update your "common_flags" with:
-  "-I$file_path"
-  "-I$file_path/.."
This will have exactly the same effect

To be deprecated wildcard:
--------------------------
I will soon deprecate the "$project_base_path" variable. It does the same as the
Sublime Text standard "$project_path" but is longer and is not standard.


Support the development!
------------------------
💜 this plugin? Please consider buying me a 🍵
https://github.com/niosus/EasyClangComplete#support-it

Thanks to all the awesome contributors!
If you add bounties to Bountysource you can support them too!
https://www.bountysource.com/teams/easyclangcomplete

Become a backer on Open Collective!
https://opencollective.com/EasyClangComplete#backers

I you use this plugin in a company, push to become a sponsor!
https://opencollective.com/EasyClangComplete#sponsor

This plugin took a significant amount of effort. It is available and will always
be available for free, both as freedom and as beer.

If you appreciate it - support it. How much would you say it is worth to you?
